"Invest in your dreams. Grind now. Shine later." – Unknown
"Greatness only comes before hustle in the dictionary." – Ross Simmonds
"Without hustle, talent will only carry you so far." – Gary Vaynerchuk
"We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit." – Aristotle
"If you're offered a seat on a rocket ship, don't ask what seat! Just get on." – Sheryl Sandberg
"I always did something I was a little not ready to do. I think that's how you grow. When there's that moment of 'Wow, I'm not really sure I can do this,' and you push through those moments, that's when you have a breakthrough." – Marissa Mayer
"If you hear a voice within you say 'you cannot paint,' then by all means paint and that voice will be silenced." – Vincent Van Gogh
"How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world." – Anne Frank
"Some people want it to happen, some wish it would happen, others make it happen." – Michael Jordan
"Great things are done by a series of small things brought together" – Vincent Van Gogh
"If you hire people just because they can do a job, they'll work for your money. But if you hire people who believe what you believe, they'll work for you with blood and sweat and tears." – Simon Sinek
"Very often, a change of self is needed more than a change of scene.' – A.C. Benson
"Leaders can let you fail and yet not let you be a failure." – Stanley McChrystal
"It's not the load that breaks you down, it's the way you carry it." – Lou Holtz
"The hard days are what make you stronger." – Aly Raisman
"If you believe it'll work out, you'll see opportunities. If you don't believe it'll work out, you'll see obstacles." – Wayne Dyer
"Keep your eyes on the stars, and your feet on the ground." – Theodore Roosevelt
"You can waste your lives drawing lines. Or you can live your life crossing them." – Shonda Rhimes
"You've got to get up every morning with determination if you're going to go to bed with satisfaction." – George Lorimer
"I now tried a new hypothesis: It was possible that I was more in charge of my happiness than I was allowing myself to be." – Michelle Obama
"In a gentle way, you can shake the world." – Mahatma Gandhi
"If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door." – Kurt Cobain
"Don't be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart." – Roy T. Bennett
"Work hard in silence, let your success be the noise." – Frank Ocean
"If I waited for perfection, I would never write a word." - Margaret Atwood
“Don’t let yesterday take up too much of today.” — Will Rogers
“Think like a queen. A queen is not afraid to fail. Failure is another stepping stone to greatness.” — Oprah Winfrey
“Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.” — Nelson Mandela
“It is never too late to be what you might have been.” — George Eliot
“Just one small positive thought in the morning can change your whole day.” — Dalai Lama
“Don't look at your feet to see if you are doing it right. Just dance.” ― Anne Lamott
Courage doesn't always roar. Sometimes courage is a quiet voice at the end of the day saying, "I will try again tomorrow." — Mary Anne Radmacher
“If you don’t risk anything, you risk even more.” — Erica Jong
“Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently.” — Henry Ford
“Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.” — Confucius 
"Never let success get to your head and never let failure get to your heart.”
"The greater danger for most of us lies not in setting our aim too high and falling short, but in setting our aim too low and achieving our mark." - Michelangelo Buonarroti